hi to all these sharks meet again
for a new video on gta online
is today a race a little
anything like the last time we
ends up with smart but except that
there was the choice with others
cars and people if they did not
watch out for the cars stage
have not taken the smart and they are not going
win so I think there is only one
guy who took a mini and not a
smart so we'll see what's up
give
there we have the keys is so we can get
touch and push yourself and I will
reminds you that you do not really need
push on the joystick with that because
that if not that by you already see they
are they all they wanted to take
a big turn and result it does not work
so you just have to turn a little bit
right into the curb a little bit
it's better to do nothing that sticks to me
ass on the other hand I have a lot of
the excellent not bad we will try to
see what it's going to give
fucking we go hand in hand this is the
not by you except you it is not there that
times the fucking aces I lose to the whore I
am 4th what the guys are gonna do they have
accelerated like bullets we will try
to block it a bit if the front is
so here it is it does not look but
it's pretty technical actually these
small cars the info not see
look at the pump at this past easily
in front because guys are accelerating too much
where is the fair on the thing it's really
pretty impressive that but it puts some
spice up a bit in the race
I hope you like these little ones
races there nice enough do not hesitate to
come
what do you think about them in
comments below you would do me a
pleasure to answer them
like every time so we took the
first position and have tried to
girls and first of all what this happens
behind pretty quickly and that's it
it takes experience to drive a
slope so I hope my little ones
tips you liked and on that I you
say very soon for a new
video about gta like
the day hen